README.md, before:

# pygolfdata
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/awfuldynne/golf_course_project.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/awfuldynne/golf_course_project) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/awfuldynne/golf_course_project/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/awfuldynne/golf_course_project?branch=master)

Pygolfdata is a tool to help users interested in correlating [PGA ShotLink](https://www.pgatour.com/stats/shotlinkintelligence/overview.html) data with weather data. Weather observations are taken from a historical weather API that provides hourly snapshots. 

# Examples
For how to leverage the data set generated by pygolfdata, please refer to the [examples](https://github.com/awfuldynne/golf_course_project/tree/master/Examples) section of the project.

# Project Organization
```
golf_course_project
├ docs
│   ├ data.md
│   ├ design.md
│   ├ example_document.txt
│   ├ images
│   │   └ pga_web_scraping_example.png
│   ├ shotlink.md
│   ├ Weather Data APIs - tech review.pdf
│   └ weather_date_api_doc.md
├ Examples
│   └ Analysis and Visualization.ipynb
├ pygolfdata
│   ├ data
│   │   ├ get_combined_shot_and_weather_data.py
│   │   ├ get_combined_weather_and_course_data.py
│   │   ├ get_course_active_dates.py
│   │   ├ __init__.py
│   │   └ shotlink.py
│   ├ __init__.py
│   ├ run_tests.sh
│   ├ tests
│   │   ├ __init__.py
│   │   ├ test_shotlink_data.py
│   │   └ test_weather_module.py
│   └ weather
│       ├ core.py
│       ├ __init__.py
│       ├ test_data
│       │   └ weather_date_api_test.csv
│       └ tests
├ .coveragerc
├ .gitignore
├ .gitmodules
├ .travis.yml
├ DataSetupReadme.md
├ LICENSE
├ pylintrc
├ README.md
├ requirements.txt
├ setup.py
└ TravisDeployKey.enc
```
# Limitations
The use of PGA Shotlink data is restricted to academic purposes and requires that a user fill out the linked form to request their own access.

Access to the [WeatherUnderground](https://www.wunderground.com/weather/api/) and [Dark Sky](https://darksky.net/dev) APIs are gated by requesting an API key. While initially free, these API keys each have a limit on usage per day before requiringpayment.

# Acknowledgements
This library is possible in part to being Powered by [DarkSky API](https://darksky.net/poweredby/) and from the data generously offered by [PGA ShotLink](https://www.pgatour.com/stats/shotlinkintelligence/overview.html).

# Contact
Interested in reaching out to us with questions or comments? pygolfdata@googlegroups.com

Commit message:

Adding installation instructions to the README file

README.md, after:

# pygolfdata
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/awfuldynne/golf_course_project.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/awfuldynne/golf_course_project) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/awfuldynne/golf_course_project/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/awfuldynne/golf_course_project?branch=master)

Pygolfdata is a tool to help users interested in correlating [PGA ShotLink](https://www.pgatour.com/stats/shotlinkintelligence/overview.html) data with weather data. Weather observations are taken from a historical weather API that provides hourly snapshots.

# Installation
To install `pygolfdata` you'll first want to fork a copy of this repository and then clone the repo locally.

Then you'll want to set your working directory to the `golf_course_project` folder and run the `setup.py` file.
```
cd golf_course_project
python setup.py install
```

To ensure that you have all of the necessary packages to run `pygolfdata` locally you'll also want to install all of the requirements:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# Examples
For how to leverage the data set generated by pygolfdata, please refer to the [examples](https://github.com/awfuldynne/golf_course_project/tree/master/Examples) section of the project.

# Project Organization
```
golf_course_project
├ docs
│   ├ data.md
│   ├ design.md
│   ├ example_document.txt
│   ├ images
│   │   └ pga_web_scraping_example.png
│   ├ shotlink.md
│   ├ Weather Data APIs - tech review.pdf
│   └ weather_date_api_doc.md
├ Examples
│   └ Analysis and Visualization.ipynb
├ pygolfdata
│   ├ data
│   │   ├ get_combined_shot_and_weather_data.py
│   │   ├ get_combined_weather_and_course_data.py
│   │   ├ get_course_active_dates.py
│   │   ├ __init__.py
│   │   └ shotlink.py
│   ├ __init__.py
│   ├ run_tests.sh
│   ├ tests
│   │   ├ __init__.py
│   │   ├ test_shotlink_data.py
│   │   └ test_weather_module.py
│   └ weather
│       ├ core.py
│       ├ __init__.py
│       ├ test_data
│       │   └ weather_date_api_test.csv
│       └ tests
├ .coveragerc
├ .gitignore
├ .gitmodules
├ .travis.yml
├ DataSetupReadme.md
├ LICENSE
├ pylintrc
├ README.md
├ requirements.txt
├ setup.py
└ TravisDeployKey.enc
```
# Limitations
The use of PGA Shotlink data is restricted to academic purposes and requires that a user fill out the linked form to request their own access.

Access to the [WeatherUnderground](https://www.wunderground.com/weather/api/) and [Dark Sky](https://darksky.net/dev) APIs are gated by requesting an API key. While initially free, these API keys each have a limit on usage per day before requiringpayment.

# Acknowledgements
This library is possible in part to being Powered by [DarkSky API](https://darksky.net/poweredby/) and from the data generously offered by [PGA ShotLink](https://www.pgatour.com/stats/shotlinkintelligence/overview.html).

# Contact
Interested in reaching out to us with questions or comments? pygolfdata@googlegroups.com
