docs/functional_spec.md, before:

# Use cases
- Data scientists can analyze PGA ShotLink data and weather data, together.

# Components

## Shotlink data

###### What it does?
Combines, cleans, and returns a single dataframe with ShotLink data, per kind of data. The ShotLink data comes from the PGA, and includes selected data per stroke, per hole, per round, and per event, as well as additional selected data per course, and for launch and trajectory data per shot via radar. The source data generally exists per year, so 'combining' refers to reading and combining multiple years. 'Cleaning' includes both things like renaming columns (the source data has column names with spaces in odd places, for example) and modifying data to make it work better with ML algorithms (like bucketing categorical variables, making missing data consistent so all missing data is represented in the same way, and so on). The code also uses pandas best practices for explicitly defining data types per field to manage the size of the data (in testing, a year's worth of shot data takes 2gb of RAM with the default settings but only 450mb when we specify data types explicitly).

###### Input(s):
- The kind of data (stroke, hole, round, event, course, radar launch, radar trajectory. I'll likely do this as separate methods (get_shotlink_strokes, etc.).
- Years requested, as a Python sequence of integers ([2007, 2008], etc.).

###### Output(s):
- pandas DataFrame with the requested data.

## Weather Data

###### What it does?
The weather data component of our analysis retrieves, cleans, and archives historical weather conditions for the duration of a given PGA tournament. Leveraging [WeatherUnderground's](https://www.wunderground.com/weather/api/) weather API we can pass in a city, state, and date and retrieve hourly weather conditions for that day. To simplify the API call we leverage the python package [WunderWeather](https://pypi.org/project/WunderWeather/1.0.0/). After retrieving the data, the component will clean the JSON response into pandas DataFrame containing columns of data that correspond to weather measurements such as cloud cover, wind speed, and temperature. Once the data is cleaned, the DataFrame will be appended to a DataFrame that is archived off as a csv file so that future requests of city, state, and date can first check to see if the data already exists.

#### Retrieval

###### Input(s):
- (String) WeatherUnderground API Key
- (String) City
- (String) State
- (Date) Start Date
- (Date) End Date

###### Output(s):
- (String) JSON Response from the WeatherUnderground API

#### Cleaning

###### Input(s):
- (String) JSON Response from the WeatherUnderground API

###### Output(s):
- (pandas DataFrame) DataFrame containing weather data in a form like ['utc_date', 'hour', 'temperature (Fahrenheit)', 'rain', 'wind_speed_mph', 'wind_direction']

#### Archiving

###### Input(s):
- (pandas DataFrame) DataFrame containing weather data

###### Output(s):
- (pandas DataFrame) DataFrame containing an updated archive of weather data
- (csv file) Comma delimited file containing an archive of weather data

#### Limitations
One of the limitations of this API is that to query the historical weather data a user requires an API key. The base API key is limited to only 10 requests per minute and 500 requests per week. This can limit the amount of new data that can be processed and archived.

## golf course -> city/state
## model/analysis - GLM using table w/ columns built from Shotlink, weather data
## data product - for example, one+ Jupyter notebooks
## visualization?

Commit message:

Updated/tweaked ShotLink data to look more like Sean's text.

docs/functional_spec.md, after:

# Use cases
- Data scientists can analyze PGA ShotLink data and weather data, together.

# Components

## Shotlink data

###### What it does?
Combines, cleans, and returns a single dataframe with ShotLink data, per kind of data. The ShotLink data comes from the PGA, and includes selected data per stroke, per hole, per round, and per event, as well as additional selected data per course, and for launch and trajectory data per shot via radar. The source data generally exists per year, so 'combining' refers to reading and combining multiple years. 'Cleaning' includes both things like renaming columns (the source data has column names with spaces in odd places, for example) and modifying data to make it work better with ML algorithms (like bucketing categorical variables, making missing data consistent so all missing data is represented in the same way, and so on). The code also uses pandas best practices for explicitly defining data types per field to manage the size of the data (in testing, a year's worth of shot data takes 2gb of RAM with the default settings but only 450mb when we specify data types explicitly).

###### Input(s):
- The kind of data (stroke, hole, round, event, course, radar launch, radar trajectory). Each kind of data will have it  own method (get_shots, get_holes, , etc.).
- (sequence/list) Years requested, as a sequence of integers ([2007, 2008], etc.).

###### Output(s):
- (pandas DataFrame) The requested data, with columns from the underlying ShotLink data (tour, player number, player name, hole number, etc.).

## Weather Data

###### What it does?
The weather data component of our analysis retrieves, cleans, and archives historical weather conditions for the duration of a given PGA tournament. Leveraging [WeatherUnderground's](https://www.wunderground.com/weather/api/) weather API we can pass in a city, state, and date and retrieve hourly weather conditions for that day. To simplify the API call we leverage the python package [WunderWeather](https://pypi.org/project/WunderWeather/1.0.0/). After retrieving the data, the component will clean the JSON response into pandas DataFrame containing columns of data that correspond to weather measurements such as cloud cover, wind speed, and temperature. Once the data is cleaned, the DataFrame will be appended to a DataFrame that is archived off as a csv file so that future requests of city, state, and date can first check to see if the data already exists.

#### Retrieval

###### Input(s):
- (String) WeatherUnderground API Key
- (String) City
- (String) State
- (Date) Start Date
- (Date) End Date

###### Output(s):
- (String) JSON Response from the WeatherUnderground API

#### Cleaning

###### Input(s):
- (String) JSON Response from the WeatherUnderground API

###### Output(s):
- (pandas DataFrame) DataFrame containing weather data in a form like ['utc_date', 'hour', 'temperature (Fahrenheit)', 'rain', 'wind_speed_mph', 'wind_direction']

#### Archiving

###### Input(s):
- (pandas DataFrame) DataFrame containing weather data

###### Output(s):
- (pandas DataFrame) DataFrame containing an updated archive of weather data
- (csv file) Comma delimited file containing an archive of weather data

#### Limitations
One of the limitations of this API is that to query the historical weather data a user requires an API key. The base API key is limited to only 10 requests per minute and 500 requests per week. This can limit the amount of new data that can be processed and archived.

## golf course -> city/state
## model/analysis - GLM using table w/ columns built from Shotlink, weather data
## data product - for example, one+ Jupyter notebooks
## visualization?
